new page compiling all the timeout settings (#6089)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/cheatsheets/timeouts/_index.md

---
title: Timeout defaults
weight: 60

> description: A global reference to all the timeout settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Quick reference for timeout settings in Gloo Edge resources.
```

---

> This page compiles a non-exhaustive list of timeout settings available in Gloo Edge.

Reviewer: Is there somewhere we can point them for more information or how to find these themselves? Maybe just the API reference doc?

```suggestion
Review this page for a list of commonly used timeout settings in Gloo Edge, organized by custom resource. For more information, see the [API reference]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/api/" >}}) for each resource.
```
